

Status of:
game/main.py

UPDATE:
It turns out I needed to do a bit more work to leave "game/main.py" in a nice, fairly feature-complete yet very
basic state so I completed a lot of the stuff I may have listed below as still neededing to be done soon.
I will update this doc soon. I'm starting to add rotation now and I think sounds soon. Still not sure when
I will branch off into another separate "game" in this project. The video is supposed to cover five different game
styles. I'm doing a LOT more work and adding a lot more features than the video but my point is, it is not clear
yet that we have moved on to a separate "game". It's not important. The main thing is this project has LOTS of
really excellent code, design patters, notes and more and will be a great project to use as a resource for PyGame-CE
development. My own plans are to evolve this code base into more than just games and explore some real-time, graphics-
rich control and dashboard applications, for one thing. Integrating real-time online systems for both gaming and
commercial/non-gaming uses is also in the plans, so this project will contain a LOT of useful design patterns and it
will also branch into other projects when the need becomes obvious.

OLDER NOTES BELOW HERE. WILL CONSOLIDATE SOON.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



I'm doing much more advanced code with a lot more features but following most of the basic features and guidance of
the tutorial and where I am pausing on this 'game' (galazian/space-invaders style with the fish and grumpy cat etc)
at the same place as the tutorial does.

This point is where the scoreboard is loading and starting to use fonts. The basics are there and good.
Everything else in the 'game' is really good and working well.

The enviro phase feature was really great and I disabled it during a major class refactor, BUT it is a good thing I
plan to add back in. Simple plan:
Start all keys in the specs related to enviro phases with "e_" then near instantiation phase, collect all these into
a smaller stripped-down enviro phase specs dict which is then passed into the instances like the full original spec
dict used to be.  Use it like spec dict was used and grab the code from before. It all works great.
And now the spec dict (subset) to support it is nice and small and automatically populated. Clean.
That was really always the plan to put it back in that form so that is one of the next TODOs.

Also, Our font handling might be getting fancier than it needs to be, but for smoothing out ALL cross-platform issues,
maybe we will have to have some font-loading/setup logic, so that is there already and could evolve a little, since
the next phases of this 'game' will start using some text info a lot more.

We could add an opening and ending screen soon.

Soon will add sounds and a simple animation for the player, orb shots (green balls) and meatballs exploding.

That is the short list of basic stuff for this 'gamn'.

What I think will happen is the tutorial will move into really cool areas and I will also continue to lead the tutorial
code with many best practices and advanced features and more formal OOP.
I expect to probably USE code here in "game/main.py" and evolve it further, rather than evolve the fish/grumpy cat,
meatball concept .. rather just leverage the code.

The code and structure in here, for where it is at, is outstanding, so that is the idea, RE-USE THIS CODE.
Build on it.

It is a clean start.

.. and of course this section of the project COULD evolve into a cool game. I was thinking of taking it in a much
sillyer direction and incorporating my own charater drawings. We'll see if there is time for that.

